Welcome to the FYLE project, a collection of small, low-demand, convenient and
free programs with the goal of recreating the way you work with your files.
Every so often, we will add a program to this collection to build up an 
entire library of ways to import, process, and export files without ads, 
subscriptions, or microtransactions.
Thank you so much for downloading and supporting our project. Hope you enjoy
your experience.

~~~ FYLE image convertor ~~~
Version 1.0.0

CHANGELOG:
1.0.0: released

--HOW TO USE--
1. Run the Image Convertor.exe program though the shortcut, or directly in 
the Image Convertor folder.

2. Navigate between the UI options (single file or entire folder) using the 
up and down keys on the keyboard, then select one using the Enter key.

3. When prompted, select the file or folder with the original image/s you
would like to convert 
>> NOTICE: batch (folder) conversions will crash if a non-image file is in the
input folder

4. Using the drop down options provided, or by inputting your own, select
the image format for the conversion outputs. Once you have entered the format,
press Enter to continue.
>> NOTICE: entering in a non-supported format may cause a crash, so it is
advised that you use the drop-down options, as they have been proven to work

5. When prompted, select the folder where the output will be saved to. Be 
aware that the program will save the new image/s as the same name as the
imported image/s. 
>> NOTICE: the program will not warn the user if an existing file is going to
be overwritten from the conversion process. Djor takes no responsibility for
lost or corrupted files. Use at your own risk.

6. The conversion will now run. If all has been done correctly, a message 
should soon pop up stating that the conversion has completed. At this point
you may close the program, and can reenter it afterwards to convert more files.


--MODDING--
This program may be modified and reproduced as you do so wish. If you distribute
a modification of this program, please provide credit to Djor and the FYLE
project.

All UI images are sourced withing the Data folder inside the Image Convertor 
folder ("FYLE image convertor 1.0.0\Image convertor\Data").

Soon, a raw .py file should be released of this programs source code on either
Djor's website, or GitHub page.


--FEEDBACK, QUESTIONS OR BUG REPORTING--
If you have a question, discover a bug, or wish to provide some feedback regarding
this program, or any program under the FYLE project, feel free to contact us at:
>> djortechnologies@gmail.com